Type	Name	Description
section	definition	This section allows you to describe shortly your dataset.  See https://libraries.mit.edu/data-management/store/documentation/
field	title	Give your dataset a short name. This name will then be used to identify it and reference the metadata page via a URL. Do not use spaces or non-alphanumeric characters. Only letters, numbers and underscores are allowed.
field	fulltitle	Concise and precise title of your dataset. Can sometimes use the title of the publication if it is not too long.
field	subject	The area of the study relevant to the dataset
field	description	A summary describing the purpose, nature and the scope of the dataset
field	note	You can add a note which will be added in the data repository. Typically, put here the reference to funders who do not have an identifier recognized in international registers.
section	status	This section allows you to define the status of the dataset, associated rights, dates, etc.
field	status	Choose a status from 
option	Processed	Data are available and have been curated
option	In progress	Some data is available but more is to come
option	Unprocessed	Data are available but not curated
field	access_rights	Indicates the status of the data regarding access and dissemination
option	Public	access requiring rights
option	Mixte	mix of public and private access
option	Private	access possible to any person having access to the storage space (locally or remotely via VPN)
field	language	A language that the dataset's files is written in
field	lifeCycleStep	Specifies the event happening over the data life cycle that is considered significant enough to document
field	license	License/Data Use Agreement (Etalab 2.0 is the recommended license for France)
field	datestart	Start date of sample or data collection. The date or even the month are important. The day is nevertheless mandatory to have a complete date.
field	dateend	End date of sample or data collection. The date or even the month are important. The day is nevertheless mandatory to have a complete date.
field	dmpid	Preferably a URL pointing directly to the DMP but failing that it can also be a permanent identifier (DOI, etc.). See https://support.datacite.org/docs/what-is-a-dmp-id
section	management	This section allows you to assign names of people or organizations who participated in the production of data and according to the type of participation.
field	contacts	The entity, e.g. a person or organization, that users of the dataset can contact with questions
field	authors	The entity, e.g. a person or organization, that created the dataset
field	collectors	The entity, e.g. a person or organization, responsible for data collecting 
field	curators	The entity, e.g. a person or organization, responsible for data curation
field	members	The entity, e.g. a person or organization, who participated in the project
field	leader	The entity, e.g. a person or organization, responible for managing the project
field	wpleader	The entity, e.g. a person or organization, responsible for work project management
field	depositor	The entity, e.g. a person or organization, that deposited the dataset in the repository
field	producer	The entity that serves to produce the dataset
field	grantNumbers	Information about the dataset's financial support
section	descriptors	This section allows you to define elements characterizing the data themselves and certain experimental conditions for obtaining them.
field	keywords	A key term that describes an important aspect of the dataset and information about any controlled vocabulary used
field	topics	Indicates a broad, important topic or subject that the dataset covers and information about any controlled vocabulary used
field	kindOfData	The type of data included in the files (e.g. survey data, machine-readable text, experimental data tables)
field	dataOrigin	Origin of the data
field	experimentfactor	Specify experimental factors i.e controlled independent variable. See https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Design_of_experiments
field	measurement	Specify the types of measurements carried out, e.g metabolites, phenotypic data, environmental data, etc.
field	technology	Specify the types of instrument used to carry out all or part of the measurements, e.g NMR, LC-MS, ...
field	publication_citation	The full bibliographic citation for the related publication
field	publication_idtype	The type of the identifier that uniquely identifies a related publication
option	ark,arXiv,bibcode,doi,ean13,eissn,handle,isbn,issn,istc,lissn,lsid,pmid,purl,upc,url,urn	
field	publication_idnumber	The identifier for a related publication
field	publication_url	The URL of the publicqtion web page, e.g. a journal article webpage
section	other	Additional information
field	comment	Add any comments concerning the data which could prove useful in their generation (protocols), in their interpretation, in their location, ...
section	resources	This section allows you to define all the resources you want
field	type	Choose the type of the resoource
field	description	Provide a concise and accurate description of the resource
field	location	A location can be anything:  a URL link, an absolute path in a tree, a text, ...
